WPCodebox messes with toolbar (#10910)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/toolbar/index.mdx

The PostHog toolbar currently doesn't work for Nuxt users because Nuxt overrides the URL of our static asset URL from `https://app-static-prod.posthog.com` to `https:/app-static-prod.posthog.com`, removing the second `/`. If you have a solution, [please let us know](https://app.posthog.com/home#supportModal=feedback%3A).

### Toolbar non-functional on Wordpress website

> Some Wordpress plug-ins, notably WPCodebox, rewrite the CSS of our toolbar. If you're running PostHog on a Wordpress website and run into issues with formatting in the toolbar, it's possible a plug-in is to blame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Wordpress plugins, notably WPCodebox, rewrite the CSS of our toolbar. If you're running PostHog on a Wordpress website and run into issues with formatting in the toolbar, it's possible a plugin is to blame.
```
